## Introduction 

The repo is for the KESMapping (Kyoto Ecosystem Services Mapping) project, including the data and analysis code. The readers can download the repo and run the "Main.R" file to replicate the results in our article, *Xie, Y., Hirabayashi, S., Hashimoto, S., Shibata, S., Kang, J., 2023. Exploring the Spatial Pattern of Urban Forest Ecosystem Services based on i-Tree Eco and Spatial Interpolation: A Case Study of Kyoto City, Japan. Environmental Management. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00267-023-01847-4*

## Raw Data Codebook 

All the raw data are stored in the "RawData" Folder. 

**ESEBK Folder**
Interpolation results of each ecosystem service (ES) by EBK interpolation method created by ArcGIS. 

**ESVEBK Folder**
Ecosystem service value (ESV) estimation results based on ES results of EBK and per unite price of each ES, created by ArcGIS. 

**LandUse Folder**
GIS layer of land use of Kyoto City built-up area, download from the database of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, Japan. 

**SampleQuadrat Folder**
GIS layer of sample quadrats for plant investigation. 

**Validation Folder**
Interpolation results of the investigated quadrats in GIS point format, showing the ES estimation based on investigation data and that of interpolation. This data is used for model validation, to pick out the best interpolation method with lowest errors. The fields of the *.shp files are as follows. 
"Measured" is the ES estimation based on investigation data and i-Tree Eco. 
"Predicted" is the ES prediction from GIS interpolation with "leave-one-out" cross-validation. 
"Error" is the difference between ES predicted value (the values of "Predicted" field) and measured value (the values of field "Measured"). 
"Source_id" is the ID of middle result generated by GIS. 
"Included" indicates whether the interpolation method considered the measured ES value of this point during the interpolation. 

**Input_i_tree.csv**
Input data to i-Tree Eco. 

**Plant_data.csv**
Plant investigation data. 

**Plant_info.csv**
A list of species, the information of which including species name, origin, genus, and family. 

**Output_i_tree.xlsx** 
Output results of i-Tree Eco. 

**Quadrat_info.xlsx**
Information of the quadrats. 
